Added travis, migrate to PW 1.4.2, change runner in components tests (#411)
V4Fire/Client: CHANGELOG.md

_Note: Gaps between patch versions are faulty, broken or test releases._

## v3.0.0-rc.81 (2020-10-08)

#### :boom: Breaking Change

> * `BrowserTests.DOM.waitForEl` will now throw an exception if a wait timeout occurs `tests/helpers/dom`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Now `BrowserTests.DOM.waitForEl` will throw an exception if a timeout to wait occurs `tests/helpers/dom`
```

#### :bug: Bug Fix

> * Fixed an issue with `renderNext` was not rendering data after loading error `base/b-virtual-scroll`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with `renderNext`: hasn't been data rendering after a loading error `base/b-virtual-scroll`
```

_Note: Gaps between patch versions are faulty, broken or test releases._

## v3.0.0-rc.81 (2020-10-08)

#### :boom: Breaking Change

* `BrowserTests.DOM.waitForEl` will now throw an exception if a wait timeout occurs `tests/helpers/dom`

#### :bug: Bug Fix

* Fixed an issue with `renderNext` was not rendering data after loading error `base/b-virtual-scroll`

#### :house: Internal

> * Component tests was removed from `test.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Component tests have been removed from `test.yml`
```

* Added `.travis.yml`
* :up: `playwright` -> 1.4.2

#### :nail_care: Polish

> * Added render scheme `docs/test`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the render scheme `docs/test`
```
